# Kamibooking

This app was built using the MERN stack (MongoDB, Express, React, and Node.js) and allows users to search for and book hotels. Features included are:

Admin login: Admins can log in to the app and add new hotels to the database.
Hotel search: Users can search for hotels based on the number of people, desired price range, and available dates. The search results are generated by querying the database for available hotels.
Hotel pages: Each hotel has its own page where users can view more information about the hotel, including its features and amenities.
Booking: Once a user has found a suitable hotel, they can proceed to book it by providing their personal and payment information.

A live demonstration is available [here](https://kamibooking.onrender.com)

<hr> 

## To Do:

- [ ] Add user registration and login
- [ ] Integrate Admin dashboard and make a dedicated admin account
- [ ] Improve filter system
- [ ] Add loading icons
- [ ] Add payment integration using Stripe API so users can pay for their rooms

<hr>

## Getting started

To get the app up and running on your local machine, follow these steps:

- Clone the repository to your local machine:

```
git clone https://github.com/KamranNaveed/kamisocial.git
```
- Navigate to the api directory:
```
cd api
```
- Install the dependencies:
```
npm install
```
- Set up the environment variables:

Create a ```.env``` file with the necessary values for the environment variables. These include the database URI, alias ```MONGO```, and server port for development.

- Start the development server:
```
npm start
```
You can change the dev commands to reflect your development environment by going to ```package.json``` and updating ```scripts```

The server should start running in your selected port

- Navigate to the client directory:
```
cd client
```
- Install the dependencies:
```
npm install
```
- Start the development server:
```
npm start
```
You can change the dev commands to reflect your development environment by going to ```package.json``` and updating ```scripts```
The app should now be running on http://localhost:3000.

Thank you for checking out the project! If you have any questions or suggestions, please don't hesitate to reach out.
